I've been using PPT as a means of getting a game of Tetris started anytime I want. This game features a multiplayer setting that allows up to four players to go head to head against each other in Tetris and try to knock each other out by sending garbage blocks over to your opponents. This game got pretty competitive amongst my group of friends, so we were easily able to pour hours of gameplay into this game just playing multiplayer Tetris. This game is priced at $30 and I think we were able to play enough to get that value.<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
But the game is not just a multiplayer Tetris engine. The full version of this game supports a story mode that contains some plot and dialogue among the in game characters, and some challenges you need to clear before you proceed (like playing Tetris or Puyo Puyo against a computer). In addition to the story mode, the game includes many other single player feature such as a marathon mode where keep playing Tetris/PP forever while the blocks get faster, and also includes an endurance mode, where you play Tetris/PP as many NPC's you can beat until you can't win anymore.

IF you're bored of just regular multiplayer Tetris with your friends, the game supports so many other crazy modes that you could try. There's a swap mode, where you can start off playing Tetris against each other, but in the middle of the game, you swap out to a Puyo Puyo board and start playing that for a little bit before swapping over and over. There's also a mode where apparently clearing certain blocks can give you power ups that you can use to mess up your friends progress.

I'm a big fan of how many control settings this game has for Tetris. You're not able to map your own custom controls, but there's a wide variety of choices to choose from. I currently play with the Table 1 controls, which is the most similar to Tetris played on the computer via TetrisFriends etc. I'm very happy that the controls fit on one Joycon so the fun can be split amongst more players. I'm very bummed that this selection of controls is not available in Tetris 99.

In conclusion, Puyo Puyo Tetris is Tetris and Puyo Puyo puzzle game that features a wide range of variations of the game to keep you entertained for a long time. If you're hesitant because you don't trust my review or don't know if you like playing Tetris at all, try the demo! It's pretty limited and you can't switch controls, but I have friends who have refused to buy the full version and just live off of playing multiplayer on the demo. IMO if you get even around 15 hours of gameplay on this game, it's super worth the $30.
</div>
