Tetris 99 is an interesting battle royal take on the classic game of Tetris.
The game is super simple in that the only supported (as of this writing) game mode is to put you up against 98 other players online. It's pretty fun to see yourself go up against so many people and to see your final ranking among everyone else.<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
It's actually very hard to get 1st place; there are a lot of super skilled individuals playing the game that are probably way better than you. The game also features an interesting targeting system that allows you to choose who you send your garbage blocks to, as well as some sort of multiplier system. idk I haven't done a lot of research into the mechanics of the game.

This game requires you to have the Nintendo Online Service in order to play. That's super annoying if you don't already have the service. Despite being free, I don't think this game is worth getting the online service for.

The game has only one supported mode. The developers have announced (as of this writing) that they are planning to implement different modes, but I haven't been impressed with the modes they are thinking of.

There is only one controller setting for this game. In order to play this game, you need a "full" controller which means both Joycons, or a Pro Controller. I feel like that's super unnecessary, and doesn't leave enough room for 4 player multiplayer like PPT. I'm also pretty disappointed they don't have as many controller settings as PPT. Using UP on the D-Pad to hard drop your piece may work for some people, but I highly prefer playing with different settings. I feel like it wouldn't be too hard to support more control mappings, or allow users to map controls for themselves.

I've shared many complaints with this game, but overall it's a pretty enjoyable and fun game, especially for fans of Tetris that want to destroy other players online with their skills. Despite having many shortcomings IMO when compared to PPT, it is free after all, and provides a good amount of value for it. I don't think I'll be picking it back up until new control mappings are introduced.
</div>
