Octopath Traveler is an indie, turn-based JRPG. The basis of the game is that there are eight travelers in the game each with their own unique storyline. You go around meeting these travelers and forming a party with them, and you get to play all four chapters of their individual timelines. Octopath Traveler is definitely within my top three switch games. My switch tells me I've spent around 75 hours playing it, and that's actually insane. I haven't come near that amount of time with other games I've really liked.<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
What I enjoyed the most from this game is the complex battle system. It's a turned based system, kind of like Pokemon battles, but it's so much more. For one thing, you can see the order in which your characters and the enemy receive their turn. This ordering is pretty important to the strategy of the game, and there are even abilities that manipulate the order in which players move, which changes up the strategy you'll want to use. The break system is also pretty cool and provides an advantage to you if you master use it effective. Basically by using attacks and abilities that the enemies are weak against, you can break their defenses and stun them for a turn, which opens you up to just throw a bunch of damage onto the enemy without worrying about defending. There are eight different characters in the game, and each character has unique abilities that are totally useful in battle. This allows the player to have a pretty open approach to playing the game, allowing you to experiment with different play styles and strategies.

The map and art in this game are stunning. Very happy with the level of detail and care they put into this game.

The stories are pretty good. I'll admit, sometimes they got a little boring and I would try to speed through the dialogue. But if you're not into one story, there are like seven more for you to like so it's ok. Playing through the chapters of each character is some pretty good character development and you begin to really like the characters you're playing as.

The soundtrack is amazing. It just makes going through the game so much more exciting. I purchased the soundtrack on iTunes and it just brings me back to the time I spent playing this game and it feels great.

This game is BEAUTIFUL and I highly recommend playing it.
</div>
