Right now I don't own a copy of this game. I borrowed it for a little bit and didn't feel like grinding through it. I still my thoughts might be helpful to those looking into what new games to buy.<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
First off, don't be pressured to buy it just because of all the hype it's getting from it's own community, or because you have a new Switch and your friends are asking you to get it so they could play with you. I think this decision should be based on how much value you'll actually get out of it. But don't get me wrong, if you're a big Smash fan and know you'll have a great time playing it yourself or with friends, it's a great game, worth the price, and you'll probably enjoy it, so it's probably worth getting. If you're like me who came from the Wii and Brawl, it's basically the same game but with new maps, characters, and items.

For me personally, I know that I won't play this game by myself. I'm pretty sure I'd only play this game on the rare chance that friends ended up at my place and asked to play this game (over the other crazy party games I could offer). I'm also someone who doesn't get a lot of joy or excitement playing this game. I used to grind Brawl a lot on the Wii training to get better at the game and beat my brother, but now I don't really have motivation to play, get better, and get competitive over the game. Overall, I felt like I'd get less fun out of this game than the other Switch games available, so forking over $60 just to have it ready for party situations that might not happen didn't seem logical.

You might be disappointed in the single player mode of Ultimate. Smash Brawl had this really cool story/campaign mode you could play through, but in Ultimate they replaced that with something that I didn't find fun. Check it out to see what I mean.

I'm very impressed by the huge number of game characters that they've pulled into the game. There are so many game character references in that game. When I found that Xenoblade and Persona characters where in the game, I got pretty excited.

Online play doesn't seem interesting to me. When you 1v1 someone else, it just feels like you're playing against a really good NPC, so it feels pointless to have to pay for the Online service just to do this.
</div>
